Tutorial: How to set up React AB tests (#6757)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/tutorials/react-ab-testing.md

);
```

Use the React `usePostHog` hook in our `src/index.js` file to capture a custom event when the button is clicked. This will be the goal metric for our A/B test.

```js
// src/App.js
import './App.css';
import { usePostHog } from posthog-js/react

function App() {
	const posthog = usePostHog()

const handleClick = () => {
    posthog.capture('button clicked');
  };

  return (
    <div className="App">
      <h1>We are testing this button:</h1>
      <button onClick={handleClick}>Click me!</button>
    </div>
  );
}

export default App;
```

Once done, go back to your app, click the button, and you should see a `button clicked` event captured into your PostHog instance.

![Button clicked event](../images/tutorials/react-ab-testing/event.png)

## Creating an experiment

With PostHog set up, your React app is ready for the A/B test. To create one, go to the [experiments tab](https://app.posthog.com/experiments) in PostHog and click "New experiment." Add a name, feature flag key (like `home-button-test`), set your goal type to a trend of the `button clicked` event, and press "Save as draft." 

![A/B test set up](../images/tutorials/react-ab-testing/ab-test.png)

> You can customize it further with a description, secondary metrics, or more variants (for [A/B/n testing](/tutorials/abn-testing)). 

Reviewer: I think multivariate testing may be a more common phrase

```suggestion
You can customize it further with a description, secondary metrics, or more variants (for [multivariate testing](/tutorials/abn-testing)). 
```

Author: based on google search, you're right 😄

  const handleClick = () => {
    posthog.capture('button clicked');
  };

  return (
    <div className="App">
      <h1>We are testing this button:</h1>
      {flagValue === 'test' ? (
        <button onClick={handleClick}>Sign up for free!</button>
      ) : (
        <button onClick={handleClick}>Click me!</button>
      )}
    </div>
  );
}

export default App;
```

> Alternatively, you can use the **React feature component** as shown in the [How to set up React feature flags](/tutorials/react-feature-flags#using-the-posthog-feature-component) tutorial.

To test that it works, override the feature flag with the test value.

```js
//...
posthog.featureFlags.override({'home-button-test': 'test'})
const flagValue = useFeatureFlagVariantKey('home-button-test')
//...
```

After confirming it works, remove the `featureFlags.override` call, go back to your experiment in PostHog, and click "Launch." The A/B test is then running to get results on which version is best.

## Further reading

- [How YC's biggest startups run A/B tests (with examples)](/blog/ab-testing-examples)
- [A software engineer's guide to A/B testing](/blog/ab-testing-guide-for-engineers)

> - [How to set up A/B/n testing](/tutorials/abn-testing)

Reviewer: I think it could be better to link to tutorials here, especially react specific/ experiment specific

Author: updated
